Socrates
Plato
Aristotle
Confucius
René Descartes
Marcus Aurelius
Alan Watts
Thales
Anaximander
Anaximenes
Heraclitus
Parmenides
Zeno of Elea
Empedocles
Anaxagoras
Democritus
Protagoras
Gorgias
Prodicus
Hippias
Antisthenes
Diogenes of Sinope
Aristippus
Euclid of Megara
Eubulides
Pyrrho
Epicurus
Zeno of Citium
Cleanthes
Chrysippus
Carneades
Clitomachus
Posidonius
Epictetus
Seneca
Plotinus
Porphyry
Iamblichus
Proclus
Boethius
Augustine of Hippo
John Scotus Eriugena
Anselm of Canterbury
Peter Abelard
Avicenna
Al-Ghazali
Averroes
Moses Maimonides
Thomas Aquinas
John Duns Scotus
William of Ockham
Marsilio Ficino
Giovanni Pico della Mirandola
Niccolò Machiavelli
Desiderius Erasmus
Michel de Montaigne
Francis Bacon
Thomas Hobbes
Blaise Pascal
Baruch Spinoza
John Locke
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
George Berkeley
David Hume
Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Voltaire
Denis Diderot
Immanuel Kant
Johann Gottlieb Fichte
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Arthur Schopenhauer
Ludwig Feuerbach
Karl Marx
Søren Kierkegaard
Friedrich Nietzsche
Charles Sanders Peirce
William James
John Dewey
Edmund Husserl
Martin Heidegger
Karl Jaspers
Jean-Paul Sartre
Simone de Beauvoir
Maurice Merleau-Ponty
Alfred North Whitehead
Bertrand Russell
Ludwig Wittgenstein
George Edward Moore
John Rawls
Robert Nozick
Jürgen Habermas
Michel Foucault
Jacques Derrida
Gilles Deleuze
Félix Guattari
Richard Rorty
Hilary Putnam
Donald Davidson
Saul Kripke
Thomas Nagel
Peter Singer
Alvin Plantinga
Daniel Dennett
Martha Nussbaum
Patricia Churchland
David Chalmers
Slavoj Žižek
Cornel West
Kwame Anthony Appiah
Michel Serres
Julia Kristeva
Alain Badiou
Judith Butler
Giorgio Agamben
Charles Taylor
Paul Ricoeur
Emmanuel Levinas
Hans-Georg Gadamer
Isaiah Berlin
Willard Van Orman Quine
Herbert Marcuse
Theodor W. Adorno
Max Horkheimer
Hannah Arendt
Iris Murdoch
Simone Weil
Gabriel Marcel
Jean-Luc Nancy
Bernard Stiegler
Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze
Achille Mbembe
Lewis Gordon
Frantz Fanon
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Chinua Achebe
Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak
Homi K. Bhabha
Amartya Sen
Martha C. Nussbaum
Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar
Arundhati Roy
Vandana Shiva
Ashis Nandy
Yoshihiko Uchida
Nishida Kitaro
Keiji Nishitani
D.T. Suzuki
Laozi
Zhuangzi
Mozi
Xunzi
Han Feizi
Dong Zhongshu
Zhu Xi
Wang Yangming
Miyamoto Musashi
Nishida Kitaro
Tetsuro Watsuji
Tominaga Nakamoto
Yukichi Fukuzawa
Nishitani Keiji
Chogyam Trungpa
Tsongkhapa
Atisha
Nagarjuna
Shantideva
Dogen
Eisai
Kukai
Nichiren
Shinran
Hakuin Ekaku
Thich Nhat Hanh
Sengzhao
Sengcan
Huineng
Linji Yixuan
Zhaozhou
Seung Sahn
Adi Shankara
Ramanuja
Madhva
Swami Vivekananda
Sri Aurobindo
Rabindranath Tagore
Mohandas Gandhi
Jiddu Krishnamurti
S. Radhakrishnan
B. K. S. Iyengar
Ramana Maharshi
Daya Krishna
Amartya Sen
Martha Nussbaum
Nalanda
Naropa
Asanga
Vasubandhu
Śāntarakṣita
Padmasambhava
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."
"The greatest wealth is to live content with little."
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom."
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
"I think, therefore I am."
"You have power over your mind—not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength."
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance."
"The most difficult thing in life is to know yourself."
"Everything is generated from other things, and they perish into the same things according to necessity."
"The invisible is what people want to see the most."
"The only constant in life is change."
"What is, is; what is not, is not."
"Nothing comes from nothing."
"The world is in a constant state of flux."
"Man is the measure of all things."
"There is no absolute truth, everything is subjective."
"All things are in the state of becoming."
"Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion."
"Man is the measure of all things."
"Man is the measure of all things, of the reality of those that are, and of the unreality of those that are not."
"Knowledge is perception."
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something."
"Freedom is the greatest fruit of self-sufficiency."
"The only way to achieve the good life is through self-mastery."
"The unexamined life is not worth living."
"The aim of life is to live in agreement with nature."
"Happiness is a good flow of life."
"Fate leads the willing and drags along the reluctant."
"Nothing is more hostile to a firm grasp on the truth than subjectivity."
"Everything is good when it leaves the Creator's hands; everything degenerates in the hands of man."
"If I am not for myself, who will be for me?"
"The whole is more than the sum of its parts."
"To live well and to live happily is the same thing."
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts."
"There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action."
"Time is a moving image of eternity."
"If you know, show that you know. If you don't know, then allow others to know."
"Man is a rational animal."
"The life which is unexamined is not worth living."
"Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe."
"Man is the measure of all things."
"To be is to be perceived."
"If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties."
"Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains."
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering."
"God is dead! He remains dead! And we have killed him."
"The brave man is he who overcomes not only his enemies but his pleasures."
"The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays."
"I am a part of all that I have met."
"One cannot step twice in the same river."
"Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know."
"The dao that can be told is not the eternal Dao."
"To know that you do not know is the best. To pretend to know when you do not know is a disease."
"The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be."
"Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven."
"To see a thing uncolored by one's own personal preferences and desires is to see it in its own pristine simplicity."
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies."
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence."
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand."
"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world."
"The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life."
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it."
"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance."
"He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger."
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
"The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions."
"What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others."
"I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability."
"He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it."
"The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his actions."
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
"The sage does not lay up treasures. The more he helps others, the more he benefits himself."
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be."
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
"The further one goes, the less one knows."
"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished."
"The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom."
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to."
"Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner."
"The flame that burns twice as bright burns half as long."
"Those who flow as life flows know they need no other force."
"The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself."
"He who conquers others is strong; he who conquers himself is mighty."
"He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough."
"Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you."
"Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy."
"A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving."
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders."
"Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?"
"To know yet to think that one does not know is best; Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty."
"The wise man does not fight; the wise man is never angry."
"He who defends with love will be secure; Heaven will save him, and protect him with love."
"Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment."
"To understand the limitation of things, desire them."
"To the giver comes the fullness of life: to the taker, just an empty hand."
"Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'"
"The best fighter is never angry."
"At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want."
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow."
"He who is contented is rich."
"Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.'"
"He who acts, destroys; he who grasps, loses."
"One who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"Be careful what you water your dreams with."
"An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox."
"To see things in the seed, that is genius."
"There is no greater danger than underestimating your opponent."
"Great acts are made up of small deeds."
"He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough."
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."
"To lead people walk behind them."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading."
"Act without expectation."
"He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much."
"Be really whole and all things will come to you."
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe."
"When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'"
"Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it."
"A clever mind is not a heart. Knowledge doesn't really care, wisdom does."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"To see things in the seed, that is genius."
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
"At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want."
"Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner."
"The sage does not lay up treasures. The more he helps others, the more he benefits himself."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom."
"The best fighter is never angry."
"Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?"
"To lead people walk behind them."
"The further one goes, the less one knows."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much."
"When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'"
"The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself."
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading."
"At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want."
"He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened."
"To lead people walk behind them."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"The further one goes, the less one knows."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?"
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"To know yet to think that one does not know is best; Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty."
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"To lead people walk behind them."
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
"Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?"
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"The best fighter is never angry."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"He who acts, destroys; he who grasps, loses."
"Silence is a source of great strength."
"To know yet to think that one does not know is best; Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty."
"Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it."
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."
"The best fighter is never angry."
"The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth."
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders."
"Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?"
"Silence is a source of great strength."